docs(policies): add note about one policy for kong mesh opa (#5078)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/mesh/features/opa.md

To apply a policy with OPA:

- Specify the group of data plane proxies to apply the policy to with the `selectors` property.

> - Provide a policy<a href="#footnote-1"><sup id="note-return-1">1</sup></a> with the `conf` property. Policies are defined in the [Rego language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a policy with the `conf` property. Policies are defined in the [Rego language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/).
{:.note}
> **Note:** As of version 2.1.x, you cannot currently apply multiple OPA policies. This limitation will be addressed in the future.
```
I tried to make this into a note instead of a footnote just so that the info would be right under the bullet point.

Author: > As of version 2.1.x

I'm not a native speaker but I think this is incorrect. As I mentioned in the PR description this never worked so **all versions of KM** are affected, but this indicates that only `>=2.1.0` are affected right?

- Optionally provide custom configuration for the policy agent.

> <span id="footnote-1"><a href="#note-return-1">1</a></span>: You cannot currently apply multiple OPA policies. This limitation will be lifted in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
